Added Mixpanel FAQ (#800)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/destinations/streaming-destinations/mixpanel.mdx

### Can I pass `null` and empty values for the properties?

Yes, RudderStack supports passing empty or `null` values for the properties sent to Mixpanel.

> ### I am getting the 'Request Header Fields Too Large' error. What might be the reason?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Why am I getting the 'Request Header Fields Too Large' error?
```

> This error might occur due to the limits Mixpanel imposes on its API requests:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mixpanel imposes certain limitations on its API requests such as:
```

> - The GET request URL above 19K characters (around 19 KB+) is blocked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Mixpanel blocks a `GET` request URL above 19K characters (around 19 KB+).
```
